CRYPTOPULSE USER MANUAL

The cryptocurrency/blockchain world is an exciting space right now, with new projects popping up constantly. Many of these projects have Discord servers where the projects' developers will post important status updates, including information for initial coin offerings (ICOs). However, if you're waiting for updates on dozens of projects, it can be a hassle to constantly monitor dozens of Discord servers.

Enter CryptoPulse! CryptoPulse is a website that tracks updates on blockchain and cryptocurrency projects for you by using information from Discord servers. 

To get started, there are several components that are necessary to run this project. The first is the static folder containing favicon.ico and styles.css. The second is the templates folder with add_query.html, apology.html, index.html, layout.html, login.html, register.html, and update_contact.html. You will need to have downloaded all 4 python files: app.py, helpers.py, backend.py, and cryptopulse.py. Finally, you will need the cryptopulse.db SQLite database downloaded. Once all of these are downloaded into a Codespace, navigate to the directory containing them in your terminal and enter "python cryptopulse.db", which will start the backend and front end of the program. To boot up the website, click on the link in the line "INFO: Running on [link]..." (You may need to give it a second to initially load after you have run the command at the terminal). To exit the program at any time, write "q" and press enter in the terminal.

You can access Discord via the web on Chrome at discord.com. You will need to have a Discord account and an email to use Cryptopulse.db. However, I have configured a test Discord account and a test Gmail account for you to use when testing out the program! The Discord username is cryptopulse.test@gmail.com and the password is cs50finalproject. The gmail account username is cryptopulse.test@gmail.com and the password is cs50finalproject. On the CryptoPulse website running locally, click on the register button to visit the registration page. Follow the steps listing, including joining the Discord verification server. Then follow the steps in the video to find the Discord token (however, you do not need to do this for the test account; the token is "OTE2MTU1MzQwMDk2MTU1Njk4.YarEjg._olvnVB2bJ5_mwF-xajN9QrAs6k"). After you have joined the verification server, input a username and password (with matching password confirmation), the Discord token (OTE2MTU1MzQwMDk2MTU1Njk4.YarEjg._olvnVB2bJ5_mwF-xajN9QrAs6k for the test account), and an email address (cryptopulse.test@gmail.com for the test account). Then click the registration button!

After registering, you should be automatically logged in and redirected to the homepage, where you can view your current queries. However, because you just registered, you will not see any update queries yet. Navigate to the query addition page by clicking "Add Query" in the navigation bar at the top of the page. Here, you will be able to add query information for a Discord text channel to track updates on a blockchain or crypto project. To test this out, join a test server by entering https://discord.gg/J8tEWnrfNn into your browser. You should now be part of a server called "Blockchain Project." Then follow the instructions on the Add Query page to find the channel ID for the "#random" text channel, which entails enabling developer mode and right clicking the channel name (the channel ID is 917207252211990528). For the keyword, enter "update". For the server name and channel name, you can enter anything you would like to identify the server and channel, but I would recommend "Blockchain Project" and "random" for you to remember easily. Then click "Add Query"! You should automatically be redirected to the homepage where you can now see your query!

To verify that you will now receive updates for this query, go to the #random text channel and type and enter "This is an update!" Then go to gmail.com and log in with the test account credentials I provided earlier. You should first see a welcome email that was sent by the CryptoPulse Updates account when you registered. Within a minute you should see an email with the headline "CryptoPulse Update" containing a notification of the message you just sent to the channel! Congratulations, you've just received your very first update!

To delete a query, click the delete button for a query on the homepage.

One final feature of the site is that you can change your contact information. Click on "Update Contact" in the navigation bar. Enter an email address that is different from the current address and click the "Update Contact" button next to the form. You should receive an email at this email address notifying you that your email address has been changed.

To exit the program, write "q" in the terminal and press enter. This will end all of the processes for CryptoPulse.

This was CryptoPulse!